{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Scott Hamal\
TP deliverable #1\
Project Proposal:\
	For my project I want to create a working poker game, the game being Texas Holdem, where the player can see only their own cards, and there are 5 unique AI players also at the table. The game will play out like a normal game of poker and the in the end the AI players will be making competent decisions based on many of the variables around the table as well as based off of their own play style. Examples of the variables to work with in the AI decision making are the cards they have, size of betting, position at the table, and much more. I have thought about how the different AIs would differ from each other and I think that each players play style would differ on an XY plane. One coordinate would stand for how tightly the AI plays, meaning how much they are willing to risk on cards that are not perhaps the best, but still have a chance of winning. On the other axis would be the randomness and the capability to bluff. With both of these axis\'92, one player could play only the best cards and rarely ever bluff, and another could play very loosely and bluff on poor cards unpredictably, both of which are similar to real life play styles. For my project I will not need anything except for tkinter. I also plan on making a mode for the game where you can see all the opponents cards and play styles, which will be interesting for the user as well as make it easier for me to debug the decision making of the AI. My idea for the AI is to create proportions for the decisions that the AI could make based on the inputs, and then use random number generation based on the play style and see where it lands in the proportion and make that decision.\
\
Competitive Analysis:\
	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.cleverpiggy.com/about"}}{\fldrslt http://www.cleverpiggy.com/about}}\
	This online poker bot I found is very similar to what I want to create. In the about section you will see that someone created this single poker playing AI. Something about this that I would obviously like to change is that I want to have a 6 person table instead of 1 on 1 poker. One part of this website did give me a good idea. They have the option to play \'93limit\'94 holdem here which could be much easier to program for. Instead of being able to raise whatever amount you want, you either fold, call or raise, and the raise size is set as a certain number. This website also gave me the idea to show the physical chips infant of the player when they bet that represents the amount that they bet as well as the numerical representation. This could be something interesting to add and something like a homework problem to physically represent the bet in the least amount of chips possible.\
	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.247freepoker.com/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.247freepoker.com/}}\
	This is a poker game with the same amount of players I want to have in my game. This is interesting because it has different difficulty levels, I am not sure that this is something that I would incorporate. I would like to leave my program as the hardest difficulty to win that I could make it. The UI for this program is OK but I would like to make it a little more interesting and centered around the player.  \
	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://cdn9.pokertrikz.com/wp-content/uploads/8-game-mix.png"}}{\fldrslt http://www.androidtapp.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/PokerStars.net-Turn-options-display-in-red.png}}	Here I am citing an image from a popular online gambling site. I use this because I think that interface is something I would like to imitate.\
\
\
**no technology demo because I am only using TkInter\
\
\
}